c:\users\fahmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\bin\Debug\eform.exe.config
c:\users\fahmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\bin\Debug\eform.exe
c:\users\fahmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\bin\Debug\eform.pdb
c:\users\fahmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\bin\Debug\eform.xml
c:\users\fahmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fahmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.Resources.resources
c:\users\fahmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\fahmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.exe
c:\users\fahmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.xml
c:\users\fahmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.pdb
c:\users\fahmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.SplashScreen1.resources
c:\users\fahmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.mainmenu.resources
C:\Users\fahmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.Pembelian.resources
C:\Users\fahmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.adminmenu.resources
C:\Users\fahmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.finance.resources
C:\Users\fahmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.gudang.resources
C:\Users\fahmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.login.resources
C:\Users\fahmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.maintain.resources
C:\Users\fahmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.maintainmobile.resources
C:\Users\fahmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.membermenu.resources
C:\Users\fahmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.mobilestockist.resources
C:\Users\fahmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.newmembermenu.resources
C:\Users\fahmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.pembeliannewmember.resources
C:\Users\fahmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eform\eform\obj\Debug\eform.register.resources
